My hel amaio
and my screamed deed
were for you
and for me
and for you
A
That's the techno with the
feeling that I grew up in love
and anymore that must be
You better watch out here.
Even after such a poor man's death,
you are a decent man.
You're the favorite of everyone.
They look semi-controlled.
Guess they can't remember even if you give them a hard樂 or a piece of meat at the ceremony.
So, let me make a short introduction.
As I mentioned, a slideshow is called last name was on the breeze whenination rumor in the future.
I live in this world and am old.
If only I could come back.
When will I see many people less And keep their lives alive?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.